Impart plugin (#1109)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/impart/index.md

search_aliases:
  - kong-plugin-impart

related_resources:
  - text: Impart Kong documentation
    url: https://docs.impartsecurity.net/docs/Quickstart/Integrations/Kong_lua
---

Impart's API Protection and WAF platform delivers comprehensive protection for APIs, microservices, and serverless applications in cloud-native environments.

Use the Impart plugin to:
* Discover and catalog your API and web application Attack Surface.
* Protect your APIs and web applications from injection, enumeration, automated threats, and other attacks.
* Find and help you fix your API and web application vulnerabilities and misconfigurations with built-in API testing.
* Reduce your API and web application risk profile.

> This plugin requires having an Impart Inspector installed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must install the Impart Inspector for this plugin to work. 
```
